README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio Website

## Project Description

This is my personal portfolio website where I showcase my profile, education, skills, projects, and achievements.  
NOTE: Both Vercel and Netlify links are provided here. However, Vercel sometimes has issues loading large-size data properly. For a smoother and clearer viewing experience, it is recommended to use the Netlify link.

![Website Preview](https://ik.imagekit.io/storycycle/story/Screenshot%202026-01-08%20012953.png)

netlify hosting: https://myself-shovo-kumar.netlify.app/  
vercel hosting: https://myself-shovo-kumar-acharjo.vercel.app/

## Technologies Used

- HTML  
- CSS  
- JavaScript  
- GitHub (version control)  
- Vercel (deployment & hosting)  
- Netlify (for proper deployment and hosting; works perfectly compared to Vercel)

## Folder Structure

```text
portfolio-website/
│
├── index.html            # Main homepage
│
├── css/
│   └── style.css         # Website styling
│
├── js/
│   └── script.js         # JavaScript functionality
│
├── images/
│   └── (all website images)
│
├── assets/
│   └── (CV, icons, music, and other resources)
│
└── README.md             # Project documentation

Commit message:

Revise hosting links and add author details
Updated hosting links with recommendations and added author information.

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio Website

## Project Description

This is my personal portfolio website where I showcase my profile, education, skills, projects, and achievements.  
NOTE: Both Vercel and Netlify links are provided here. However, Vercel sometimes has issues loading large-size data properly. For a smoother and clearer viewing experience, it is recommended to use the Netlify link.

![Website Preview](https://ik.imagekit.io/storycycle/story/Screenshot%202026-01-08%20012953.png)

netlify hosting: https://myself-shovo-kumar.netlify.app/  (✔️✔️ Recomended for proper and smooth view)
vercel hosting: https://myself-shovo-kumar-acharjo.vercel.app/  ( may be laggy or get error for huge data )

## Technologies Used

- HTML  
- CSS  
- JavaScript  
- GitHub (version control)  
- Vercel (deployment & hosting)  
- Netlify (for proper deployment and hosting; works perfectly compared to Vercel)

## Folder Structure

```text
portfolio-website/
│
├── index.html            # Main homepage
│
├── css/
│   └── style.css         # Website styling
│
├── js/
│   └── script.js         # JavaScript functionality
│
├── images/
│   └── (all website images)
│
├── assets/
│   └── (CV, icons, music, and other resources)
│
└── README.md             # Project documentation



Author Information

Name: Shovo Kumar Acharjo
Role: Student of Educational Technology and Engineering
Email: kumarshuvo605@gmail.com

Student Email: shovo0001@std.uftb.ac.bd
